delivery_methods
description: Delivery methods represent the way in which the customer's purchase will be fulfilled, for example by email or post.

events
description: Events are individual performances of a Production, for example the 7.30pm
      performance of Hamlet (the Production) on Wednesday 17 May 2023. Events are always part of a
      Production, even when there is only one of them.

offer_types
description: Clients use Offers in order to sell discounted tickets. Offers have an Offer Type,
      for example "Member's Discount", or "Summer Sale".

payment_methods
The way in which the Customer pays for their purchase, for example VISA or Cash.

performers
description: The human beings (usually) who will be appearing in an Event.

price_bands:
description: Broadly, a price band is usually linked to where in the room the seat (or the area) is located.
      Better locations are usually in more expensive price bands. Example Price Bands are "Premium", "Standard",
      and "Restricted View".  The price of a Ticket is influenced by the combination of the Price Band and the Ticket Type.

productions
description: Productions are shows, for example Hamlet. Productions contain Events, which are the
      individual performances of the show. Every show is made up of both a Production and an Event, even
      those with just a single performance.

retailers
description: The Retailer is the entity with whom the Customer transacted, for
      example a ticket agent.

sales_channels
description: The Sales Channel indicates how a Customer made their Order.
      For example, "Website" or "Box Office".

seating_plans
description: Seating Plans are used to indicate the layout of a particular Hall (room) within a Venue.

ticket_line_items
A wide table which brings together many of the interesting properties of both a Ticket and the
      Transaction and Order in which it was purchased.

ticket_types
description: A Ticket Type is usually linked to person buying the ticket. For example,
      a student or a child might pay less than the standard adult price. Example Ticket Types
      are "Adult", "Child", "Student", "Senior Citizen". The price of a Ticket is influenced
      by the combination of the Ticket Type and the Price Band.